Fix cors policy problems in bluespice (#106)
cloudogu/nginx: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]
### Fixed

> - Fix problems with CORS policies caused by whitelabeling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix problems with content security policies (CSP) caused by whitelabeling
```
